# Twitter-A-B-testing---Python

Introduction The expected output for this take-home is as follows: A report that describes your findings. The Python or R code you used to complete your analysis. Please show your work and include all steps that you performed along the way (eg EDA). What we are looking for: Good code quality. Good communication skills. A clear narrative around the results you are finding. An explanation of the methodology choices that you made and why. Strong sense of ownership in how you approach the problems. Pretend this was your real job. How would you approach the problems in that case?

Experiment Analysis Context Twitter offers a platform for businesses to create advertising campaigns aimed at increasing brand awareness and product adoption. Advertisers set a budget for their campaigns, and they are only charged for actual clicks on their ads. However, a delay between ad serving and click reporting can lead to overspending, where advertisers are billed for clicks exceeding their budget. For instance, if a campaign has $10 left and generates clicks worth $20, $10 is considered wasted.

Recently, Twitter has noticed an increase in overspending and decided to test a new ad product where advertisers pay for ad impressions rather than clicks, aiming to reduce latency in billing. To evaluate this new product, an A/B test was conducted, splitting advertisers into two groups: one using the traditional click-based model and the other using the impression-based model. After a week, Twitter aims to analyze the data to determine the success of the experiment.
